Doubleclick/doubletap anywhere in the black background to create a new equation.

The TextInput at the top of the screen edits the equation.
    -Whatever equation you last clicked/touched appears in the TextInput where you can edit it.
    -New equations automatically take over the focus of the TextInput

Each equation is created with an id, displayed as 'f(x)='
    -Type ':x:' with x being the id of another equation to reference that equation.
    -These references will be displayed by an arrow pointing from the equation referenced
    to the equation referencing it.

Equations are updated as you type, and any equations referencing the one you are currently
editing will also update.

To deleted an equation, click on it and clear its text ('empty' will be displayed).  Then
when you click on a different equation, or create a new one, the 'empty' one will be deleted.

Equations can be dragged around and rearranged on the screen.

The equations accept basic math functions, such as addition, subtraction, multiplication,
and division, using the expected symbols (+,-,*,/).  Exponents use the python notation of
a double asterisk (**).  The python.math functions are also called inside of the equations,
allowing for things such as sin(x), cos(x), tan(x), sqrt(x), or so on.  A full list will
appear in a shortcuts menu.  Constants such as 'e' or 'pi' also work.


There are tests to make sure that an equation cannot reference itself, and if you try you'll
see '(Self)' displayed, showing that you have a self reference.  This should happen even if
the self reference is from another equation.  e.g. f(0)= :1: and f(1)= :0:  while f(1) is
calling f(0), f(0)'s result is f(1), so it is essentially making a call to itself.  This
should display f(0)= ((Self)), f(1)= ((Self)).  A parenthesis is added for each level of
evaluation, so seeing two sets of parenthesis means that the self call is two levels deep.

Everything is displayed on a scatterlayout, so touch controls are allow depending on what
you are running this app on.  If you are using a mouse, right clicking mimics touch
controls, displaying red circles for each touch.  Right clicking in two places and then
dragging the resulting red circles functions as if you were doing that same motion with
two fingers (e.g. pinching shrinks, pulling apart enlarges).